feat: rename to nRF Asset Tracker (#51)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/guides/CellGeolocations.rst

If a device knows its cell tower it is mormally safe to assume that it has an internet connection in order to request the approximate location from the cloud.
This allows to offload expensive calculations to the cloud and reduce the resource usage on the device.

In the nRF Asset Tracker every time a device reports a GPS fix, that position is stored together with the cell id.
Over time this builds a cell location database that is independet from a third party API and up to date.

> It is used as the primary mean of geolocation cells in the nRF Asset Tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used as the primary means of geolocated cells in the nRF Asset Tracker.
```

Author: ```suggestion
It is used as the primary means of geolocating cells in the nRF Asset Tracker.
```
It is about the process of acquiring the geolocation of cells, so `geolocating` sounds better to me.

Only if a cell has not previously been geolocated by a device will the third-party API be called, **if it is enabled**.

Geolocating cells using third-party APIs
========================================

Third-party APIs and services like `UnwiredLabs <https://unwiredlabs.com/>`_ and `CellMapper <https://www.cellmapper.net/>`_ have a database of cell tower locations and provide an API to query against them.

> The nRF Asset Tracker implements the optional resolution on the cloud side using *UnwiredLabs* on :ref:`AWS <aws-unwired-labs-api>`  for cell that have not been geolocation by devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Asset Tracker implements the optional resolution on the cloud side using *UnwiredLabs* on :ref:`AWS <aws-unwired-labs-api>` for the cells that have not been geolocated by the devices.
```
